Chapter 10 reflections (#149)
chhoumann/p7: report/sections/Reflection/project-management.tex

In the following section, we will describe how the project was managed, which techniques were used, as well as which issues we encountered.
Throughout the section, we reflect on the decisions made in this context.

\section{Task Management}
One of the primary objectives in any project is to manage the tasks created throughout the project. The goal is to maintain an overview of what has been done, what needs to be done, and how the tasks are distributed between developers. Additionally, project managers also often want to be able to estimate how long tasks may take to complete and how difficult they are. To accomplish this, projects may utilize several project management tools and techniques. In this section, we will focus on the tools that we utilized. Afterwards in section \ref{sec:agile-dev}, we will focus on the techniques that were utilized to manage the project.

\subsection{GitHub Projects}

> GitHub Projects seemed promising, as it supposedly integrates with existing developer workflows. You track issues and as you work on them, they flow from the backlog to \textit{in progress}, then to \textit{in review}, and then finally to \textit{completed}. When you submit a pull request, the related issue is moved to the \textit{in review} section, so other members are aware that it is pending. And when that pull request is merged, it is move to \textit{completed} automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Projects seemed promising, as it is supposed to integrate well with existing developer workflows. You track issues and as you work on them, they flow from the backlog to \textit{in progress}, then to \textit{in review}, and then finally to \textit{completed}. When you submit a pull request, the related issue is moved to the \textit{in review} section, so other members are aware that it is pending. And when that pull request is merged, it is move to \textit{completed} automatically.
```
